docs: release notes for 5.4.0 (#854)
elastic/apm-agent-rum-js: CHANGELOG.asciidoc

[[release-notes-5.x]]
=== RUM JS Agent version 5.x

[[release-notes-5.4.0]]
==== 5.4.0 (2020-07-29)

[float]
===== Features
* Agent now uses the new CompressionStream API available on modern browsers to

>   gzip compress the events payload sent to the APM server. This yeilds a huge reduction of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  gzip compress the payload sent to the APM server. This yields a huge reduction of
```
